my name is anthony. they have made my life miserable. few years ago i was bagpacking across western europe. they had me there. i had no clue what was about to hit me. as i was about to make a stop for filling the gas, a group of people in their late thirties or early forties in blue denim jackets and cargo pants fired rounds at me. thank god they missed me. unfortunately, the guy on the other side of the tank got shot and i presumed he must have been dead. i accelerated my car. the drive i had that day was crazy. just to get out of their sight i rode the car at one twenty miles per hour.my name is anthony. they have made my life miserable. few years ago i was bagpacking across western europe. they had me there. i had no clue what was about to hit me. as i was about to make a stop for filling the gas, a group of people in their late thirtees or early forties in blue denim jackets and cargo pants fired rounds at me. thank god they missed me. unfortunately, the guy on the other side of the tank got shot and i presumed he must have been dead. i accelerated my car. the drive i had that day was crazy. just to get out of their sight i rode the car at one Twenty miles per hour. and did i mention that they were following me? as i was driving with that speed, i opened the maps in my phone and searched for nearest police station. but god i couldn't find any. it was a nightmare. after fifteen mins they fired rounds at me again. this time i was scared and pissed. to my happiness, i located a police station nearby and drove my car to the station. as soon as i entered the station, the watchman closed the gates. i got down and entered the police station. i was really glad that i made to the station without getting hurt. but my happiness was short lived. turns out that the goons firing at me were the people of local drug dealer pablo escobar and escobar had bought the local policemen.i had no clue what was about to hit me. as i was about to make a stop for filling the gas, a group of people in their late thirtees or early forties in blue denim jackets and cargo pants fired rounds at me. thank god they missed me. unfortunately, the guy on the other side of the tank got shot and i presumed he must have been dead. i accelerated my car. the drive i had that day was crazy. just to get out of their sight i rode the car at one Twenty miles per hour. and did i mention that they were following me? as i was driving with that speed, i opened the maps in my phone and searched for nearest police station. but god i couldn't find any. it was a nightmare. after fifteen mins they fired rounds at me again. this time i was scared and pissed. to my happiness, i located a police station nearby and drove my car to the station. as soon as i entered the station, the watchman closed the gates. i got down and entered the police station. they had me there. as i was about to make a stop for filling the gas, a group of people in their late thirtees or early forties in blue denim jackets and cargo pants fired rounds at me. thank god they missed me. unfortunately, the guy on the other side of the tank got shot and i presumed he must have been dead. i accelerated my car. the drive i had that day was crazy. just to get out of their sight i rode the car at one Twenty miles per hour. and did i mention that they were following me? as i was driving with that speed, i opened the maps in my phone and searched for nearest police station. but god i couldn't find any. it was a nightmare. after fifteen mins they fired rounds at me again. this time i was scared and pissed. to my happiness, i located a police station nearby and drove my car to the station. as soon as i entered the station, the watchman closed the gates. i got down and entered the police station. they had me there. i had no clue what was about to hit me. as i was about to make a stop for filling the gas, a group of people in their late thirtees or early forties in blue denim jackets and cargo pants fired rounds at me. thank god they missed me. i was really glad that i made to the station without getting hurt. but my happiness was short lived. turns out that the goons firing at me were the people of local drug dealer pablo escobar and escobar had bought the local policemen.i had no clue what was about to hit me. as i was about to make a stop for filling the gas, a group of people in their late thirtees or early forties in blue denim jackets and cargo pants fired rounds at me. thank god they missed me. unfortunately, the guy on the other side of the tank got shot and i presumed he must have been dead. i had no clue what was about to hit me. as i was about to make a stop for filling the gas, a group of people in their late thirtees or early forties in blue denim jackets and cargo pants fired rounds at me. thank god they missed me. i was really glad that i made to the station without getting hurt. but my happiness was short lived. turns out that the goons firing at me were the people of local drug dealer pablo escobar and escobar had bought the local policemen.i had no clue what was about to hit me. as i was about to make a stop for filling the gas, a group of people in their late thirtees or early forties in blue denim jackets and cargo pants fired rounds at me. thank god they missed me. unfortunately, the guy on the other side of the tank got shot and i presumed he must have been dead. i accelerated my car. the drive i had that day was crazy. just to get out of their sight i rode the car at one Twenty miles per hour. and did i mention that they were following me? as i was driving with that speed, i opened the maps in my phone and searched for nearest police station. but god i couldn't find any. it was a nightmare. after fifteen mins they fired rounds at me again. this time i was scared and pissed. to my happiness, i located a police station nearby and drove my car to the station. as soon as i entered the station, the watchman closed the gates. i got down and entered the police station. they had me there.  unfortunately, the guy on the other side of the tank got shot and i presumed he must have been dead. i accelerated my car. the drive i had that day was crazy. just to get out of their sight i rode the car at one Twenty miles per hour. and did i mention that they were following me? as i was driving with that speed, i opened the maps in my phone and searched for nearest police station. but god i couldn't find any.   and did i mention that they were following me? as i was driving with that speed, i opened the maps in my phone and searched for nearest police station. but god i couldn't find any. it was a nightmare. after fifteen mins they fired rounds at me again. this time i was scared and pissed. to my happiness, i located a police station nearby and drove my car to the station. as soon as i entered the station, the watchman closed the gates. i got down and entered the police station. i was really glad that i made to the station without getting hurt. but my happiness was short lived. turns out that the goons firing at me were the people of local drug dealer pablo escobar and escobar had bought the local policemen.  
